difference between datasets-- could it be due to using float64 on gryphon and float32 in the lab?

I1 versus I-- geodesic updating helped in terms of energy functional, especially early in learning. probably worth running feature extraction for I1. definitely worth trying geodesic on other models. 


IO versus I: this tested the effect of not clipping reflections. from I0B it looks like this still becomes unstable, though the other I0s demonstrated that you can mask the instability with a large batch size. this seems to indicate that it's worth playing with values of rho

lots of results have good reconstructions, so maybe not having enough sparsity?

run feature extraction and classification for a high likelihood gradient descent-based model, even though the filters are ugly. a good candidate is config/stl/A5M2C1DF.pkl . might also be a good idea to re-run this with split e step

letterbox free version of stl-10 and run it on D
get it working on other datasets
	MNIST: the problems so far may be due to centering by mean making the filters look funny
	Yoshua suggested: UTL, Shapeset 2x3, CIFAR-100
conjugate gradient E step
gradient based learning is not producing good filters. figure out why.
	gradient based learning does NOT drive W to zero... at least not all W
	one thing worth experimenting with is keeping old sufficient statistics around
	another is initializing W small

figure out if there's a faster way to calculate the M step gradient based on Aaron's idea
make something that shows activation boxes around the filters plotting p versus mean_h
maybe try training by initializing with random patches
experiment with keeping old sufficient statistics around on the solve M step

make code for accumulating on several batches and then doing M step. large batch sizes seem very helpful and we'll need this if we want to do 6000 units anyway
	
benchmark the uses of scan. it seems like the runtime is not deterministic in some cases, ie sometimes I ran it and got a runtime of 30s/epoch and other times ran it and got 80s/epoch. maybe theano optimizations are chosen randomly and it gets dramatically different runtimes depending on which it chooses?

some files, at least for gradient descent, show alpha increasing forever, and since the other parameters seem converged, this seems to be the only thing making the likelihood go down. should we do something about this?

why does fixing mu to 0 make the first step of mean field stay flat throughout learning? I understand this means the mean of s is always 0 but there is still variance on s even in the mean field distribution and the weights should be able to affect the likelihood of the input by steering that variance

slowdown bug. note: extracting stl A5M slowed down over time on sencha and oolong but not on bart7

ideas that may need to be updated given the invention of split E step:
extract features for random_patches_learned_prior, and for stl/C
run feature extraction and classification for cifar A5M
